Hello, my name is Andres,
Josephine and Leandro.
I'm going to present my video defense of
my code.
In here I use solantex to basically
create the information that goes outside
of the main code,
and I also use Visual Studio.
As a point of creation of the whole
project.
To work with the GitHub directly.
And I also work with visual code for the
web that you guys provide.
The website project and I ended up
working on the and I will test it on the
PyCharm.
I also have this database that you may
see I already dropped the table,
so if we check for these tables they do
not exist.
They are completely empty.
So we refresh, there's no table.
And I have here my.
Coat and we will check basically how this
work.
I had some hard time trying to get the
information from the PDF.
But and I work mostly on late night and
early morning.
So I do have like someone that I could
ask the information at that time.
Even when I'm doing the video a little
bit later on on on Sunday,
I work mostly on Saturday and and early
Sunday.
I'm gonna sleep.
I had a basic understood that they need
to design and implement a scrapping
system that it's dynamic that all of
files that detect changes and the runs
locally right.
And I'll way in the computer and also the
DI that we scrap a real website where
that have origination right and also that
we handle the files and.
That it works with the changes that it
have, all the good programming parts.
And we have Tre conscience and everything.
And they're like, we lock everything so.
I use a Costa Rican website.
That it's called in Puerto Rico and it's
quite hard, this one 'cause it,
it's not consistent.
So that makes it more challenging and I
like that.
So hey,
I keep using these even when it was
harder,
as you may see for example the classing
these cell phone app here and cell phones
because it brings a little bit more
information here.
It goes with the product.
Write product key manage product item.
So it it works with product things like
Title, Center, product item.
But if we go down here and we check,
these are the phone goes with resolve
content and resolve wrapper so it it
never has like the same class for
everything.
So that make it more interesting.
So each time it runs it runs and grab
more information but I.
Couldn't make it all continuously.
Because I will need more time and I and
the website is not helpful.
Even though with my code,
if you go to the challenge OK in here
that I do this crap,
you could replace this URL and then add.
Whatever class name do you want to get to
her and it will capture it and it will,
you know,
save it in the database and everything so
it works and it works with anything.
You could change it and it will have no
issues,
but I want to do it with this one that is
harder and I do it with selenium because
it's the tool that I work most with.
So I I am a little bit more knowledge
with it and besides that website have a
lot of JavaScript.
Pagination so it it works better with
that.
Umm.
And also I use headlights.
You know.
Chrome so it it does.
It keeps pretty much everything on the
console part instead of, you know,
opening a whole website.
In here I have everything,
so I guess you guys check it when you
check my my guitar.
But my guitar piece.
There I will I I guess we send directed
we send the direct URL.
I have the read me that I tried to make
it.
You know a little bit more colorful and
with order and all the information
requested.
And then we have the the project itself
with all the information that is required.
And this is the website that you guys
provide running on my local host which is
5500.
With all the.
Documents so.
In here.
We had the main which the main calls
pretty much everything else.
And once the mail the main was one by one,
it's called the scrapper.
And then it goes to the scrap with the
static page which is the one that calls
for the for the website.
Provided and then we also have the
information from the database and I have
also the logs and everything and I I try
with the open AI.
Llm.
So there's all the information here.
The domain does, but it's mostly.
On.
On the output right?
It's a console app,
so it goes and it checks and it brings
all the information.
It goes 1 by 1 checking right now this
database that we saw before was empty.
So the first thing it's going to create
is the information for the database and
then once it created it start trying to
capture the information from the website
and it brings the inform.
Back.
That's pretty much it.
I mean,
if you don't see to happen anything
'cause it is running on the background
and and it could work directly like on
the PyCharm or or any Idi but if you run
it directly on the console.
It will also.
It will also work.
There we go.
I didn't want it to just close and this
is it looking at the.
On the local host and checking the
information.
I didn't want it to to it,
to actually goes.
And ended by itself.
And you will see just, you know, a flash.
So I I keep the press key.
So it depends that you actually press the
key to finish it.
But if you we come here to the database
and then we select that it doesn't have
any brings the error that there's no
relation, etcetera.
If we check.
You will see there are the cell phones,
them and then we will see there's a well.
There's nothing downloaded yet.
So that's basically why it's empty.
Not because it doesn't worry just because
it doesn't have anything.
But before we saw there were no table.
Now it says it's just that it doesn't
have anything downloaded.
We come here and we refresh and there we
go.
We have a sequence and the ID and we have
the.
Tables already created on the database.
I also create the scheduler.
The scheduler if you run it, it works.
But I mean,
this is a shared video and if if you want
to to run this share,
you need to wait for a whole hour it to
run again and again and again.
But it does run and work as you may see.
He's listening and checking the Internet
and everything changes.
It blocks the information and it start
doing the whole scape.
Scrape.
Describe the export is completed.
So in an hour he will do it again.
I guess my video cannot wait for a whole
hour so I'm trying to be fast as I could.
Let's see, there's the lock 'cause.
It was required.
This is the logger, right?
The logger create the logs and I use the
log to capture pretty much every single
information.
The file cannot be open because you've
been using another process. OK,
but I could check it here no problem.
So the log logs are the information
provable.
Umm.
It brings the information.
Of whatever is going on. If it's good,
if it's grown, if everything's work,
you see there's no credential from here.
Here so it goes in check.
It works with pretty much.
Here's with information on the opening
eye.
I so the log.
Basically it started creates a log.
This an error here that it goes with.
With the selenium it seems.
And.
So the error log.
'Cause you may see it works.
It tells when everything is going OK and
it tells also when everything is not
going that well.
Something I'm thinking now is it's hours
I should definitely have put it hours but
well.
Anyways,
I could do it later then and and then
when you guys check on on the GitHub you
will see with the hours.
I also have.
Let's see if it allows me to do it from
here.
Here.
This is checked files that if if it
brings you know the information from the
cell phones it create this one here and
put it available.
Also, it's adjacent,
so you could use it like on the website
and if you download any file it will
appear in here.
This was my first Test trying to do
opening eye.
It's a dynamic purge.
The the selector of CSS or expat?
It works theoretically.
I couldn't test it with my API because
when I put it,
it seems that you need to pay to use the
chatgbt API, so I couldn't use it, but.
These words.
And.
And it selects the information.
I'm pretty confident at work.
I try with the one that you guys gave to
me.
I just change it because the I in this
way I keep it this more dynamically.
So if you if you do have paid that
support with the secret key,
you just put it on the on the environment,
right?
For the environmental.
Values and then it will self fill and
will work.
So I create this one with the one that
the company provided.
I have here the API and I have,
you know the whole endpoint and the and
the key and this one works.
It's a little bit more codeborned.
You know, I hard code most of it,
but it's pretty much the same idea.
It comes and brings the idea of what it
requires and what way it's gonna do the
things.
Asking to shut TPT.
What?
What is the best option to do with the
CSS and stuff?
This is my database.
I didn't want to use environmental for
the database because I think it's a
little bit more exposure.
So I had a folder here called Docs where
I had a txt which is also omitted from
the git.
That you add your information from the
database on a TV credentials and it
actually works.
I had requirements in selenium here for
the reason I use selenium because I this
is where I play lays the dogs that I was
working with all the documentation.
But the idea is to just keep it.
Where I could edit it and upload it to
the to the GitHub and then when
everything was ready I moved them to
whatever they belonged like DM.
Or the environmentals right?
Or the get, get ignore or to read me so.
I add them where they belong.
Well,
requirements are easy to load from here.
This is a web sample provided by the
company.
Mainly the one that does everything.
We had a static.
This is the the the principal or or the
main scrapper and it it's this is more
direct.
And I have a more.
21 for for the one on the website that
you guys provide.
So it checks and download and everything
and then in here.
We had.
A well, this is a that works every hour.
And then I have a server 'cause I want to
display some of the information I had on
the database.
So if I come here to the database and I
want to show something that I had on on
products on on the website that you guys
created, but I didn't.
I didn't know, and I and I couldn't.
Actually I didn't know if I was allowed
to change something on the on the visual
web project that you guys.
Provide so instead of actually changing
something.
A.
Create AAPI the works with the Jason
files that I had up here and it basically
creates routes you know.
It goes to the URL and at A and at the
Ure to actually display the information.
So.
It it basically goes and jumps inside on
the same.
Local host and it works and reads the the
website and then.
It replaced the information that is being
shown with whatever URL I send.
It actually works,
but you need to hide it on the same
project and you need to have the right
information of the solution.
So it was, you know, something extra.
I had it there,
but I I didn't want to to screw up
something. So at the end,
even when it was kind of working,
I didn't want.
2.
To Ru my my thing so I I take it outside
so it it will actually crop up.
It will actually take down everything
here because if it's outside of the
website project.
But if the API is working.
So if you add it on the website project,
it reads the whole the whole website
project and then it mimics the website.
But I could add the thing that I want
through this API so it looks like the
website but it is not.
Wishes.
It sounds interesting now that I said it
loud.
And hear you as you see if you move down
the API just can'takes everything back to
order because it's on a local host, right?
If we had two different URLs it it should,
it will not fail.
It will actually work together and we
could have the same the Dominion and in
that Dominion just change the the end of
the Yuri.
I have the generic results Jason file
which is basically to check that all the
things work and this is also the the file
that I wanted to to check.
To check not only to check the errors,
but also to to upload the information to
to the website and if you download
something from the website it will
capture and generate the.
The information I have here dogs which
basically you re you required from here
the requirements and create your own DV
credentials.
The data just for testing purposes.
I have the chat TPT connection,
the logger that it logs the information.
And then I have a database connection
that it works if you may see already.
It's called, what else we're naming,
so I don't want to take long.
I guess you guys will check the the work
directly.
I tried to Add all the commentaries of
everything I do,
try to make it as clear as possible.
I know my logic is sometimes entangled
and I create things that goes together
and that's how I started with that.
Take challenge project and then it moved
to a scrapper that goes static because I
now have a dynamic static and then I
start thinking what could I do more and
and then I had a scheduler and then I
start creating something else like the
API and so for.
Connecting everything I create a new main.
So at the very end.
If I have more time,
I keep adding stuff I was selling.
Earlier that on on linking that if I had
more time I will even do the UML for for
the classes and I will also do the
database,
UML and the and the competence UML which
will look better than the right.
But it's basically the idea that.
I keep adding stuff if you if you.
If you love me, I keep adding stuff.
I I start thinking like what?
What could I make this better or what
could I do to make this even look better?
So I also had that you may see on the
project the the PDF.
I tried to take pretty much everything in
here and and check it and go like check,
check, check.
I was willing to do the Azure function
which is.
Quite easy honestly,
but I I mean I should functions.
I need to be paid and I'm using my my
free account that come from my university
for my teaching classes,
so I cannot spend more this month if this
interview was the next one I had,
you know, save.
Money so I could use the the Azure
function but I I have already spent the
money,
the free money that I should provide for
teaching purposes.
I mean also using some of these
recommendations up here will be easier,
but as you may see that website was quite
crappy,
so that's what I like because it becomes
more more hard challenge.
So yeah, I mean, I tried the bonus.
I tried the resilience with all the error
handling.
There's a big bunch of.
Of.
Ah try catch, try catch everywhere.
So you will be seeing a a lot of them
'cause I I mean it,
it's great for checking code every in
everything.
So I had a try here and had a very thing
and an inception as you go to the main
class the the old one.
If you go to the main class.
You will see.
A lot of try catch in the code.
Even try catch inside of the try catch so
it will bring you something else and then
exceptions could finalization of what
whatever is working loggers the logs
every single thing it does and I try
catch exception in the same name.
That checks if everything is is being
pressed and done.
This is because there was originally the
main,
so if I screw up something I didn't want
to add it.
But this is a removable file right now.
As you may see,
the was originally the Big Mans and
everything was handling here.
Then I moved to my new main which is
called Main.
They've become the dynamic scropper and
same here with the.
Chattanooga one that you could add
yourself,
and this is the one provided by the
company.
And.
I think that's it.
I mean anything you do.
He will actually create something.
That.
Will be checked by.
The component of.
Of the project and the project will see
what is required.
So do you have any questions or?
Or anything.
Feel free to contact me.
I'm going to get some other thank you and
goodbye.